Docs Revamp (#1225)
marin-community/marin: docs/tutorials/first-experiment.md

## Creating an Experiment Script

Experiments scripts live in the `experiments` directory. For instance, the script for this tutorial is in

> `experiments/tutorial/train_tiny_model_cpu.py` or `experiments/tutorial/train_tiny_model_gpu.py` if you want to test in GPU.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`experiments/tutorial/train_tiny_model_cpu.py` or `experiments/tutorial/train_tiny_model_gpu.py` if you want to test on a GPU machine.
```

    === "CPU"
        ```python
        nano_train_config = SimpleTrainConfig(
            # Here we define the hardware resources we need.
            resources=CpuOnlyConfig(num_cpus=1),
            train_batch_size=4,
            num_train_steps=100,
            # set hyperparameters
            learning_rate=6e-4,
            weight_decay=0.1,
            # keep eval quick for tutorial
            max_eval_batches=4,
        )
        ```

    === "GPU"
        ```python
        nano_train_config = SimpleTrainConfig(
            # Here we define the hardware resources we need.
            resources=GpuConfig(gpu_count=1),
            train_batch_size=4,
            num_train_steps=100,
            # set hyperparameters
            learning_rate=6e-4,
            weight_decay=0.1,
            # keep eval quick for tutorial
            max_eval_batches=4,
        )
        ```

    === "TPU"
        ```python
        nano_train_config = SimpleTrainConfig(
            # Here we define the hardware resources we need.

>             resources=TpuPodConfig(tpu_type="v4-128"),

Reviewer: this is crazy overkill. let's do v4-8
